Simplified system for extended tasks (#123)
huggingface/lighteval: README.md

Independently of the default tasks provided in `lighteval` that you will find in the `tasks_table.jsonl` file, you can use `lighteval` to evaluate models on tasks that require special processing (or have been added by the community). These tasks have their own evaluation suites and are defined as follows:

> * `extended`: tasks which have complex pre- or post-processing and are added by the `lighteval` maintainers. See the [`extended_tasks`](./src/lighteval/tasks/extended_tasks) folder for examples.

Reviewer: WDYT about showing an example with `ifeval` in the README perhaps just after we explain the different suites or putting it as a docstring somewhere? I can never quite remember the syntax and this would also give some visibility to the new tasks :)

Author: Good idea, I'll add that!

* `community`: tasks which have been added by the community. See the [`community_tasks`](./community_tasks) folder for examples.
* `custom`: tasks which are defined locally and not present in the core library. Use this suite if you want to experiment with designing a special metric or task.

> For example, to run an community task you can run:

Author: ```suggestion
For example, to run an extended task like ifeval, you can run:
```shell
python run_evals_accelerate.py \
    --model_args "pretrained=HuggingFaceH4/zephyr-7b-beta" \
    --use_chat_template \ # optional, if you want to run the evaluation with the chat template
    --tasks "extended|ifeval|0|0" \
    --output_dir "./evals"
```

To run a community task, you can use:
```
